hello everyone it's elena and it's
shortly past eight and that means it's
time for me
and the removable teddy bear on my
sweater to go and log into the zoom
class for private law
i have that every thursday morning and
this is actually the last class before
the exam
so yeah let's do it
[Music]
here's me during my private law online
lecture and we were talking about
contracts and what rights you have as a
buyer if the seller gives you a faulty
product
and the statute actually provides a few
different options and whenever we talk
about the statute
i get up my statute book which you can
see here and i do annotate it a little
bit
just to you know make sure that i know
the meaning of different things
and which paragraphs need to be read
together and i finished my class
so basically i just took my notes in a
blank document on pages
and that's what they end up looking like
then normally i do then go over this and
add little headings here and there
but the professor said that this will
not be exam relevant so i will probably
just focus on the more exam relevant
content first
um and you know if later after the exam
i want to make these pretty i will
but you know my exam is my priority
because that's happening
next week however it is an open book
exam
which is very very lovely and that's
also why i annotate my statute book a
lot
because we're allowed to use any notes
that we have and we are allowed to
obviously annotate our statute book and
put notes into that
normally you're not allowed to annotate
it that heavily there are rules
regarding what you're allowed to put in
there and what you're not allowed to put
in there
but for this exam that's irrelevant
that's why i'm annotating my statute
book however i want
editing post-its and stuff um normally
that would be a bit problematic for an
exam
but for this exam it's absolutely fine
and yep
now it's time to do some emails because
they just keep coming in i don't know i
feel like this is like one of the most
defining things about being a university
student
emails all the time they just don't stop
yeah
it's a thing because you're put on all
these lists you know for undergrads and
everybody has something to promote to
all the undergrads
like you know every student society
wants you to join them and stuff
and but you have to go for all of that
because every once in a while there's an
important one from one of your teachers
in between
so you can't just skip them all so yeah
let's do some emails one thing that i
find helpful with emails is to either
put them in folders or use the
differently colored flags in order to
categorize them
so that you know what the email is about
and whether you need to deal with it
right now or wherever you can put it off
remember how i said there could be
important things in your email inbox
yes that has once again been proven to
be true because
there was this weird email where it was
like oh you have
mail in like your mail box and i was
like what do you mean
um so i'm a scholar at a foundation and
they have this online platform where
apparently you have a mailbox where they
can like
i guess drop you a digital document like
a letter
i don't know why they didn't just send
it to me via email but i don't care
i found the document and it is very good
news
so you might remember that i filmed the
reaction
to my exam grades
from cambridge during my second year uh
129 out of 200.
that's quite low again yeah
that was a moment um so i was worried
that that was not going to be good
enough
for the renewal of my scholarship so
basically with the scholarship which is
a scholarship from the student shift
home
after a certain amount of time of your
studies you have to apply for
the continuation of funding and they
will look at your grades and everything
and based on that they will decide
whether or not they will continue
to you know give you money and um i was
worried it wasn't good enough
um but i just got a letter from them and
it was good enough yes
um and the cool thing is this
is um you know yes to
renewing my scholarship but it's also a
yes
for a scholarship for graduate studies
[Music]
i don't know what that was but oh my god
i'm just very very happy i don't know
why i make these sounds i sound like a
little
hamster or something do hamsters sound
like that i think so
anyways i think i should make myself
some muffins now
i feel like i deserve them 12 seconds
later
oh you thought you know all the tricks
of a lazy person in the kitchen because
you watched one episode of cooking with
elena
honey you haven't seen baking with elena
welcome to the new baking show where we
put in the least amount of effort to get
cake muffins or whatever else our heart
desires
in this case blueberry muffins so
basically pretty much everything in here
is pretty much already there like you
just need to mix it together and then
you know
add like two eggs a little bit of water
and some oil and
you're good to go so yeah hopefully
these are gonna taste good this is my
first time trying them
and yeah let's go by the way if anyone's
wondering why my curls look that weird
that's because i tried to straighten my
hair but it didn't really fully work so
that was the result
rule one of baking with elena is put
your long hair in a ponytail
and then we can get started basically i
just had to add two eggs
a little bit of water and some oil and
then you just mix
all of that together until you get a you
know somewhat creamy dough
and of course a very important step of
baking is to also test whether the dough
actually tastes good
ladies and gentlemen we have a little
problem and it is truly
little because here's me
and up there is the muffin form
so welcome to little people's problems
there's something on top of the muffin
form so if i just pull it out now
i'm gonna get something else on my head
okay if this is not a sport then i don't
know what is
i am gonna tell my health app that i
worked out today
because i just did we have found a
muffin form
and then it was time to get out the
muffin forms and put a little bit of
dough in every single one of them
and the blueberry mixture for the
muffins actually came with the packaging
and you just put a dot of that on top of
the dough and then you used a little
fork to mix it with the dough just a
little bit
and yeah then it was time to heat up the
oven and get the muffins to be
inside this is honestly always my
favorite part of baking because it's the
last time you see
the product not ready and the next time
you look at it it looks completely
different
and yeah of course make sure if you're
baking set yourself a timer so that you
don't forget to take your stuff out
and then it was time to wait so the
muffins are in the oven so
i just made myself some cup noodles so
that i can eat these let's face it my
real big lunch will probably be muffins
and that's okay
and i thought while i wait for the
muffins i can also read a little bit in
this book that i got which is called the
firm
a lot of you guys actually recommended
this book to me and yeah
i just hope it's gonna be good so that's
the plan for now
i have since finished a book and can
only recommend it it's also linked in
the description box below for you guys
it's an amazing legal thriller about a
young lawyer who ends up with a firm
which
at first is super attractive but
actually ends up being more like the
mafia
oh my god they look so good
also it smells so nice in here and yeah
i think they're ready
i mean they look pretty ready okay so
i'm just gonna leave these here to cool
because they're currently super super
hot and i'm just gonna go back to my
book
so yeah goodbye little muffins for now
it's a bit later and i might be on my
second or third muffin i may have
stopped counting
whatever but can you please take a look
at these muffins
like they look
like the picture on the packaging and i
have never achieved that before so
i am very very proud also they taste
really good
um so what have i been up to
i've been reviewing revision notes so i
have a private law exam next week
and also a public law exam and actually
one is on wednesday and the other one is
on thursday great timing
however they are both open book exams
but that doesn't help you if you don't
know where in the book it says what
so you need to review the book the book
is my revision notes
so i just looked at them on my laptop
basically i just you know go through
them and try to make sure that i know
everything that i need to know i write
all of these on my ipad
and then you can review them on your
laptop or your ipad you know whatever
you have near you at the time
um but basically that's pretty much how
i do my revision and then sometimes
i you know explain it to myself or
someone else my family is starting to
get tired of me explaining law to them
but like it helps me revision mom i'm
sorry
um and yeah i'm pretty much just going
to keep going with that
and then i'm going to look over my notes
for the law of international relations
because i have a class at 3 pm
it's not a lecture it's more group
discussion so you basically work through
the class by yourself online
and then you come to the group
discussion with your notes prepared
and yeah that's the plan for the
afternoon i spent a good amount of time
looking through my revision notes and
basically what i do is i look at the
headings and only if i can't recall what
it will say about the topic
i will look at it in more detail in the
notes otherwise i will just move on to
the next topic
and then it was time for my law of
international relations class and we
were talking about the jurisdiction of
the international court of justice and
reservations to treaties and it was
honestly a pretty cool class
many many minutes later hello it's me
from my bed so i finished my
international law class about an hour
ago
and then i found out that my topic
suggestion for seminar paper that i'm
planning to write in the next semester
actually got accepted which is great so
um i'm gonna have to send a
outline to the professor within like the
next two weeks
um that's a bit bad timing but
it's gonna work out somehow we're gonna
make it happen
um so um i actually i'm gonna write
about parliamentary sovereignty in the
uk and i'm so so excited because it's a
topic that i really really enjoyed when
i did constitutional law
and um so i'm excited to write the
seminar paper and so yeah i'm just gonna
have to make it happen to you know get
that outline done
in like the next two weeks
it's gonna happen somehow so
yeah once i found out about that got
excited and then realized i have to you
know do a lot of work over the next two
weeks
i then realized i also have two exams in
the next week
so i sat down here in my bed and opened
up my revision notes and i'm once again
looking at public law
so i just have them out here on my ipad
and i'm looking at a case that we
analyzed in class
we are going to have to talk about a new
case in the exam so i'm just trying to
see how we broke down the case in class
and you know seeing what steps i need to
go through when i analyze the case so
that i can then do it in the exam
as well and yeah now it's 6 p.m which
means it's a good time for dinner
and so i just texted my mom's partner if
he would be willing to take me to
mcdonald's
because i actually currently live alone
technically
because my mom is away um she's caring
for my grandpa who got very ill
quite recently and he has just gotten
out of his care home
and he needs a lot more care than he did
previously and so it's very hard for my
grandma to transition
from you know how it was previously to
now having to provide so much care for
her partner
and so my mom said she's gonna stay with
her for a few weeks and help out in the
beginning
um and so that's why it's just me here
but my mom's partner lives right next
door so
i'm not that alone which is really
really good because i mean it's locked
down
and it's nice to not be entirely alone
and also i have someone who drives me to
the mcdonald's drive-through
and the cool thing is because my mom
isn't here her once a week limit on
going to mcdonald's
isn't enforced by anyone but mom if
you're watching this
your partner would never ever take me to
mcdonald's more than once a week
we are basically just eating salad here
but yeah let's ask him if he will take
me to mcdonald's
and look at that someone went to
mcdonald's and was really happy about it
and then my mom's partner and i just sat
down at our dining table
and we had dinner together and by the
way um this is him he's a little bit
camera shy but he allowed me to take a
short clip
and then we decided to play some table
tennis in our living room
we got this amazing table tennis played
and it is basically made
out of mostly cardboard so it's super
easy to store away because it's not that
heavy
and we also got these table tennis balls
made out of foam so that when we play
it's not that loud and our neighbors
won't be annoyed with us
and yeah then it was just time to play a
little bit
and honestly it's still quite a new
experience because the table tennis play
is a little bit smaller
but it is a lot of fun and then it was
time for me to take off my makeup and
you know
get ready for bed so of course i also
had to get out of this amazing
very very comfortable fluffy sweater and
yeah
time to change into my pajamas and then
it was time for bed
and yeah that's the end of my day i have
my ipad right here and
i'm just gonna listen to my sleep story
on calm and hopefully fall asleep during
that
no i'm not sponsored i just find it
really helpful to listen to sleep
stories because otherwise i'm just you
know lying in bed awake
thinking about the entire universe but
not falling asleep
and sleep stories have really helped me
with that a lot and yeah
that's also the end of this vlog and
it's honestly been a pretty eventful day
like i didn't know that i was gonna get
the notification about my scholarship
today
but i'm very very happy that it has
worked out and i'm also excited about
the topic for my seminar paper
it's going to be pretty stressful to
write it but honestly i think the topic
is really really cool
it's something that i was actually very
very interested in when i first started
studying constitutional law at cambridge
and it's something that i've always
wanted to look into a little bit more so
i'm really excited that i'm getting the
opportunity to do that now
and i think it's also going to be a lot
of fun and yeah
that's it for this vlog thank you so
much for watching i hope you enjoyed it
and have a nice day
[Music]
bye
you